README.md, before:

# Overview
## Project information  
### Project name  
**netflix-cambodia-clone**    
### Description 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Netflix Cambodia** is a platform that has website and mobile app to offer movie, tv show for watching on pc, laptop, tablet, smart tv and mobile phone according to the subscription plan.   
For more information refer to original website [Netflix Cambodia](https://www.netflix.com/kh)   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My name is **PRAK Sambath**, I create this project to demenstrate my web development skill that I have learnt so far such as `html`, `css` and `javascript`. I just clone only the homepage of the website as laptop screen.    
For reference, please refer to the sreenshot at the bottom of the page. 

## Folder structure
```
css
└── All css file goes here.
doc
└── All documentation and related file goes here.
image
└── All image file goes here.
js
└── All javascript file goes here.
index.html
README.md
```


[Homepage]
![netflix.com/kh](image/www.netflix.com_kh_.png)

Commit message:

Add link to visit the deployment website

README.md, after:

# Overview
## Project information  
### Project name  
**netflix-cambodia-clone**    
Click on this [link](https://ubiquitous-adventure-y2jk9pg.pages.github.io/) to visit the deployment website
### Description 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;**Netflix Cambodia** is a platform that has website and mobile app to offer movie, tv show for watching on pc, laptop, tablet, smart tv and mobile phone according to the subscription plan.   
For more information refer to original website [Netflix Cambodia](https://www.netflix.com/kh)   
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My name is **PRAK Sambath**, I create this project to demenstrate my web development skill that I have learnt so far such as `html`, `css` and `javascript`. I just clone only the homepage of the website as laptop screen.    
For reference, please refer to the sreenshot at the bottom of the page. 

## Folder structure
```
css
└── All css file goes here.
doc
└── All documentation and related file goes here.
image
└── All image file goes here.
js
└── All javascript file goes here.
index.html
README.md
```


[Homepage]
![netflix.com/kh](image/www.netflix.com_kh_.png)
